What is this thing?
The creation and destruction of the family makes them themselves.
The three of us build homes differently.
What's the difference? Misunderstanding, misunderstanding, Mr.
I have a misunderstanding or enmity with you.
Today I will also make you hate me by mistake
It's all a misunderstanding
It's not a huge misunderstanding.
If it's not a fake
I, you are so early
You and the three of us
How come you, sir, are the dealers? I misunderstood you.
What did I shout to my Handa just now?
That's my Wantian
You are clear
Chaojia Fuzi
It's my fault for ignoring you
My apology to you
What else is required?
Chicken as you wish
I have all the strength to satisfy you
As for asking me to be your wife
I want you to give me a review
I'm Li Zhengkun
Like an exercise is an apology
For Hua I just
The trusted founder of the family
one side
A family willing to enter power
Empathy with reality
I usually mark
Practice practicing apologizing
what do you need
You can control it though
I also asked people
I also want to give you tuition fees
Absolutely right
You go learn Ding first and
Go to Hua and wait for a while. You can go first.
Let's have a real race
Apologize to you
Did you ask for the experience?
Just hope this
I'll stop here, ah, and then I'll be ah again
You're the boss
I won't hold you accountable